{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16740\viewh13800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi Chat,\
\
I need you to create a website for me that I plan on hosting via Github Pages. The website will serve as a way for me to study Collegiate & High School level vocabulary with a rotating list of 10 words or expressions to learn every week, resetting on Mondays. The array of words can be pulled from public list of vocabulary words at each of the levels. \
\
I want the website to display the date and week of the year, and the page should have the styling of a classic vocabulary test. The list of words to learn should be randomized and should not repeat for at least 4 weeks; this list of words or expressions to learn should only be 10 units long per week as to not overload the process of learning the lexicon. \
\
I want the vocab testing aspect of the webpage to be consisting of fill in the blanks, matching, and true or false questions where applicable, it would be okay to have multiple variations of questions for the same word if it will benefit; the array of words to learn should be limited to only 10 per week, but that does not mean that the questions for that week can not exceed 10; it should and often will exceed more than 10 questions.\
\
There should be submission of the test form a way to check to see if the answers in the field match the correct values that they should. There should also be a button to reset the page values back to default so I can retry the test anytime I want.\
\
Please be meticulous in your creation of this project, accuracy is key.\
\
Please create all HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files needed to create this website for me that I can host on GitHub Pages. If you need anything from me before you start such as a point to a API for a database of words or anything else let me know; if not please go ahead and create this project for me and let me know how to implement this when you are done. Thank you.}